# Fill in, commit and push each day.

	
Oct 9, 2016
	Yesterday : 
	Today     : Familiarized self with Java GUI to prepare for assignment. 
				Revisit Lab Week05. 
	Obstacles : 
	
Oct 10, 2016
	Yesterday : Completed the important parts of LabWeek05
	Today     : Start working on the assignment, aim for visible GUI.
	Obstacles : Lack of understanding about the design.
	
Oct 11, 2016
	Yesterday : Finished visible GUI.
	Today     : Working on Make Move.
	Obstacles : Trouble understanding how to design everything.
				where everything goes etc.
	
Oct 12, 2016
	Yesterday : Finished Make Move but I did not use Observer for anything. 
				I just passed whatever I wanted to update to my ActionListener 
				and made the changes over there. Make Move technically is 
				finished but I'll need to go back and do it again.
				Also tried working on the getting a move counter JLabel
				to update after each move is made but did not get it 
				working so moving that to this sprint.
	Today     : The focus for today is understanding everything because the
				past few work sessions have been problematic. 

				Will be using Sadia's balloon example today to create more 
				things that use observers so I don't have to keep passing
				everything to the ActionListener to change.
	Obstacles : Struggled for a long time wondering why things weren't
				updating. Realized I had to do setChanged before notifying
				observers.
				
Oct 13, 2016
	Yesterday : Used a bunch of Observer classes, linked them to everything
				on the GUI including 3 textFields (JugViews), move counter
				(MovesView), and a JLabel which prints out what just 
				happened (JugPuzzleView). I don't know if I need all these
				different observers for different tasks but things are 
				clean and organized this way. 
	Today     : 
	Obstacles :
	
Oct 14, 2016
	Yesterday : 
	Today     : Goal for today is to finish win alert, win halts game, 
				quit any time, and being able to start a new game somehow.
				Very puzzled on how to do the new game thing the way I have
				it set up but it should go smoothly.
	Obstacles : 
	
Oct 15, 2016
	Yesterday : Ended up completing every user story that was left. Even 
				made dialog box for when game is won. Every single user
				story finished. Code polished up and shortened too.
	Today     : Javadoc everything that hasn't already been done, add
				comments to everything, get code ready for submission.
	Obstacles :

Oct 16, 2016
	Yesterday : Finished everything. Added extra things like colour, 
				button disabling when jug selected etc. 
	Today     : Final Edit, added User Stories for some additional things
				completed yesterday. Polish up code even more. Final submit.
	Obstacles :
	

	
